Add agent mTLS auth explanation for secrets docs (#2234)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.18/reference/secrets.md

Sensu backends cache fetched secrets in memory, with no persistence to a Sensu datastore or file on disk.
Secrets provided via a "lease" with a "lease duration" are deleted from Sensu's in-memory cache after the configured number of seconds, prompting the Sensu backend to request the secret again.

Secrets are only transmitted over a transport layer security (TLS) websocket connection.
Unencrypted connections must not transmit privileged information.

> For agent-side resources, you must [enable mutual TLS (mTLS)][13].

Reviewer: I don't think "agent-side resources" is clear. Which resources are these? I think it means checks, hooks and assets.

> For agent-side resources, you must [enable mutual TLS (mTLS)][13].

Author: ```suggestion
For checks, hooks, and assets, you must [enable mutual TLS (mTLS)][13].
```
